feat(replay): Add troubleshooting note for dead click false positives (#10627)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/common/session-replay/troubleshooting.mdx

<Expandable title="`console` calls are triggering replays to record" permalink>
Using the [`captureConsoleIntegration`](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/configuration/integrations/captureconsole/) can cause replays to record as if you have triggered an exception. You can use [`beforeErrorSampling`](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/guides/sveltekit/session-replay/understanding-sessions/#ignore-certain-errors-for-error-sampling) to avoid this behavior.
</Expandable>

<Expandable title="Clicks are incorrectly resulting in a dead or rage click" permalink>

> There are certain cases (for example, clicking a button to play an audio clip) where Sentry incorrectly records a click as a dead click (note: rage clicks are a subset of dead clicks). As a work-around you can use the [`slowClickIgnoreSelector`](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/session-replay/configuration/#general-integration-configuration) configuration option to ignore dead clicks for specific selectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are certain cases (such as clicking a button to play an audio clip) where Sentry incorrectly records a click as a dead click (note: rage clicks are a subset of dead clicks). As a workaround, you can use the [`slowClickIgnoreSelector`](/platforms/javascript/session-replay/configuration/#general-integration-configuration) configuration option to ignore dead clicks for specific selectors.
```

> If you want to turn off [rage click issues](https://docs.sentry.io/product/issues/issue-details/replay-issues/) all together, you can disable them by going to the Settings page in Sentry, clicking "Projects", and selecting the project for which you want to disable rage clicks. From here, select "Replays" under the "PROCESSING" heading and toggle off "Create Rage Click Issues".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to turn off [rage click issues](/product/issues/issue-details/replay-issues/) altogether, you can disable them by going to the **Settings** page in Sentry, clicking "Projects", and selecting the project for which you want to disable rage clicks. From here, select "Replays" under the "PROCESSING" heading and toggle off "Create Rage Click Issues".
```

<Expandable title="`console` calls are triggering replays to record">
Using the [`captureConsoleIntegration`](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/configuration/integrations/captureconsole/) can cause replays to record as if you have triggered an exception. You can use [`beforeErrorSampling`](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/guides/sveltekit/session-replay/understanding-sessions/#ignore-certain-errors-for-error-sampling) to avoid this behavior.
</Expandable>

> <Expandable title="Clicks are incorrectly resulting in a dead click">

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<Expandable title="Clicks are incorrectly resulting in a dead or rage click">
```

> There are certain cases (for example, clicking a button to play an audio clip) where Sentry incorrectly records a click as a dead click. As a work-around you can use the [`slowClickIgnoreSelector`](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/session-replay/configuration/#general-integration-configuration) configuration option to ignore dead clicks for specific selectors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are certain cases (for example, clicking a button to play an audio clip) where Sentry incorrectly records a click as a dead click (note: rage clicks are a subset of dead clicks). As a work-around you can use the [`slowClickIgnoreSelector`](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/session-replay/configuration/#general-integration-configuration) configuration option to ignore dead clicks for specific selectors. 

If you want to turn off [rage click issues](https://docs.sentry.io/product/issues/issue-details/replay-issues/) all together, you can disable them by going to the Settings page in Sentry, clicking "Projects", and selecting the project for which you want to disable rage clicks. From here, select "Replays" under the "PROCESSING" heading and toggle off "Create Rage Click Issues".
```
